# Timeline Of Events

In this course I was tasked with being in a team of four people I have never met or talked to before. I really improved a lot in this course, not so much with the programming side but more with leading a team. It wasn't a formal 'Okay your the director of this game', it was more of a natural thing to occur when we communicated I just took charge of the game. I really learned a lot about being a leader and dealing with people and managing people. We firstly broke the ice and I deliberatly took an informal approach when I first talked to the team to just make everyone more comfortable and also to get to know them as actual people and also played a few games of Among Us to just talk to eachother and communicate. 

Afterwards, we got to talking about what type of game we should make and looked at other games as inspiration and say what we liked and didn't like about the games we saw and took the things we liked from a bunch of games in the similar category of 'Livestream Games' which was our theme and put our own original spin on it and come up with our own original ideas too and fused it into the game in the .rar file. We then talked about what we like to do in making games and what we are good at doing too. I then delegating the roles to everyone and left myself as the director and also the main programmer. 

I basically did all the programming in this excluding the inventory which i delegated to another person, I did the networking, guns, enemies, camera and all the other coding components in the games that are not the inventory. There is one system I am very proud of which is the system that transfers the player from one level to another. Admittingly, I did not setup the levels very well because we did this by having each level in a different scene, this was a very bad idea due to the obvious problem that gameobjects do not transfer over to each scene in Unity automatically. I had to program a system to transfer the vital components for play from one scene to another using DontDestroyOnLoad and other DontDestroyOnLoad gameobjects external from the gameobjects i am trying to save to grab values from scripts to transfer and store values. 

This was a very good experience for me to have as I had to deal with people not doing their work by the set deadlines, missing several concurrent deadlines and missing meetings. This resulted in me splitting up and delegating tasks to other people to do the task for them, overall though the game did not suffer.

Overall, the game I feel is an okay game, it could be better and less buggy but I feel the idea is there which was the aim of this course was to build a prototype of a game which I feel we completed but I do wish this game was more then it currently is.
